Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to make holes inside pol using
the pul tool. Okay, let's go.
>> Okay, let's go open the install.
Okay, create new project. See person.
Okay, now let's go right here to find
create new level set empty uh basic
cliff.
Okay.
Now to create this uh holes inside a
mess we have to use the boolean.
Okay. First thing first let's go here to
selection mode. Search for modeling
tool.
Now we have this box and choose what do
you want. Okay, for this tutorial I want
to choose this box.
Now let's go here to shape and change
the width. Can change like this and the
height.
No.
Hit accept
to make a hole here.
Go add and mesh inside a mesh and make a
difference between both. Okay, let's
choose the second one. I want to
cylinder. Select this cylinder.
Rotate this cylinder
90°.
After that, let's move it right here.
and make it here.
Now press R and change
the scaling of this.
How to change the scaling? You have this
radius. Make it like this.
And the height
and let's see with different angle.
This is not nice. loops.
>> Okay, let's see the make it like this.
>> And
okay, now let's make difference between
them.
First of all, hit accept.
Press control and
the left mouse button to select the both
of them. After selecting there, let's go
over here.
Search for
warrior this one.
Okay, it's got
>> okay our mess is ready. Now I cut this
matrix
model
but we have prop for example.
Let's press Ctrl Z and delete the same
thing.
No can but the problem
is he look at that to fix this problem
we have to get revoke is this operation
and change it this won't exist it's just
perfect
after this let's return right here
selection mode you have a new mess right
here new static mesh to browse this
asset. We have to go here to browse and
change all this asset.
Ctrl C. Go ahead content or on the view
your work folder and hit paste. And you
get your static mesh right here. After
that, you can add your material
to this by going right here and choose
a material. For example, let's choose
this material.
What do you It's not applied correctly,
but you can
get it right here by importing this.
Okay. Thank you guys for watching this
fall for tutorial. See you later in the
next tom.